README.md, before:

# FundImpact - Measuring Social Impact Made Easy
[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)
![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/FundImpact/fundimpact-frontend/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=FundImpact_fundimpact-frontend&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=FundImpact_fundimpact-frontend)
[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=FundImpact_fundimpact-frontend&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=FundImpact_fundimpact-frontend)

The FundImpact Platform will support NGOs in their most crucial operations of managing project funds, donor relations and tracking project's operations and impact on a single platform. It aims to streamline workflows and help adopt a good practice, thereby saving time, efforts and money.

The FundImpact project envisions a single control center for organizations to manage their project operations, funding from various donors, and most important – tracking the impact of the project.  It’ll greatly increase the organization’s capacity in bringing transparency in its operation, speed up the reporting process, make the processes audit friendly, manage donor relations & compliances without additional overheads and at the same time measure the impact of the project.

## Project Status
The project is currenty under development and will be available for public testing by November, 2020. We are eagerly looking forward to engage with technology enthusiasts and open source developers in contributing to this project. We would love to hear your ideas and look forward to your support. Please connect with us at www.fundimpact.org

## Documentation
* [Product Roadmap](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DUwxyTzEUlFDx2eQFit-iVTMxgFJQAMAOn6ZdcUvE04/edit) - Initial requirements document
* [FundImpact Blog](https://chintugudiya.org/tag/fundimpact/) - Stay tuned for latest update on the project
* [FundImpact Wireframe](https://xd.adobe.com/view/a9028067-aec8-42dc-a889-9c080b7d8a62-fc51/screen/e040b0bd-1989-4ad6-bda9-f2fac5e5869d/?fullscreen) - FundImpact frontend UI wireframe.

## Sponsor
[Project Tech4Dev](https://chintugudiya.org/tech4dev/), an initiative of the [Chintu Gudiya Foundation](https://chintugudiya.org/), works with Indian NGOs to enhance the implementation of social impact programs through strong data collection, analysis, and visualization tools. The focus of this initiative is design and develop Open Source Software ssolutions that improve the programmatic operations of the organizations, thereby nurturing and fostering a vibrant and thriving software ecosystem in India’s non-profit and social impact organizations. 
This project is part of the Tech4Dev OSS Cohort 2020 being developed by [Dhwani Rural Information Systems](https://dhwaniris.in)

## License
FundImpact is released under [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)

Commit message:

:pencil: Added Codecov / Sonar Cloud / Notion links

README.md, after:

# FundImpact - Measuring Social Impact Made Easy

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)
![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/FundImpact/fundimpact-frontend/workflows/Continuous%20Integration/badge.svg)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=FundImpact_fundimpact-frontend&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=FundImpact_fundimpact-frontend)
[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=FundImpact_fundimpact-frontend&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=FundImpact_fundimpact-frontend)

The FundImpact Platform will support NGOs in their most crucial operations of managing project funds, donor relations and tracking project's operations and impact on a single platform. It aims to streamline workflows and help adopt a good practice, thereby saving time, efforts and money.

The FundImpact project envisions a single control center for organizations to manage their project operations, funding from various donors, and most important – tracking the impact of the project. It’ll greatly increase the organization’s capacity in bringing transparency in its operation, speed up the reporting process, make the processes audit friendly, manage donor relations & compliances without additional overheads and at the same time measure the impact of the project.

## Project Status

The project is currenty under development and will be available for public testing by November, 2020. We are eagerly looking forward to engage with technology enthusiasts and open source developers in contributing to this project. We would love to hear your ideas and look forward to your support. Please connect with us at www.fundimpact.org

## Documentation

-   [Product Details](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DUwxyTzEUlFDx2eQFit-iVTMxgFJQAMAOn6ZdcUvE04/edit) - Initial requirements document
-   [FundImpact Blog](https://chintugudiya.org/tag/fundimpact/) - Stay tuned for latest update on the project
-   [FundImpact Wireframe](https://xd.adobe.com/view/a9028067-aec8-42dc-a889-9c080b7d8a62-fc51/screen/e040b0bd-1989-4ad6-bda9-f2fac5e5869d/?fullscreen) - FundImpact frontend UI wireframe.
-   [FundImpact Roadmap](https://www.notion.so/bd77a70f47d84abe9476d1f8f98c4a25?v=bf5b17688d834a7dbb8eeb7eb6bafecd) - FundImpact Roadmap for Alpha 1/ Aplha 2 / Alpha 3 / Beta release.
-   [Sonar Cloud](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=FundImpact_fundimpact-frontend) - Sonar Cloud for code quality checks.
-   [Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/FundImpact/fundimpact-frontend) - Codecov for coverage report.

## Sponsor

[Project Tech4Dev](https://chintugudiya.org/tech4dev/), an initiative of the [Chintu Gudiya Foundation](https://chintugudiya.org/), works with Indian NGOs to enhance the implementation of social impact programs through strong data collection, analysis, and visualization tools. The focus of this initiative is design and develop Open Source Software ssolutions that improve the programmatic operations of the organizations, thereby nurturing and fostering a vibrant and thriving software ecosystem in India’s non-profit and social impact organizations.
This project is part of the Tech4Dev OSS Cohort 2020 being developed by [Dhwani Rural Information Systems](https://dhwaniris.in)

## License

FundImpact is released under [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)
